The chairman of Pacific Concord Holdings Ltd.	Pacific Concord Holdings Ltd. 
The majority shareholders of Pacific Concord Holding Ltd.	Pacific Concord Holding Ltd. 
Pala Sookawesh, a former governor of the Petroleum Authority of Thailand	Petroleum Authority of Thailand 
The incoming president of PTT PCL	PTT PCL 
The government will likely ask state-owned oil and gas conglomerate PTT PCL	PTT PCL 
Thai Olefins PCL, a unit of state-owned oil and gas conglomerate PTT PCL	PTT PCL 
Swiss Life Asset Management, a unit of insurer Swiss Life Holding	Swiss Life Holding 
Three executive board members at plastics company Quadrant AG	Quadrant AG 
-Swiss food-and-beverages company Nestle SA	Nestle SA 
Nestle Finance France SA, a funding unit of Nestle SA	Nestle SA 
Peter Brabeck, chief executive of Swiss food and beverages company Nestle SA	Nestle SA 
The Federal Trade Commission's decision to block a merger between Nestle S.A.	Nestle S.A. 
The Swiss Stock Exchange SWX said Monday that it has suspended Hilti AG	Hilti AG 
Engineering and real-estate company Conzzeta Holding AG	Conzzeta Holding AG 
The chief financial officer of Swiss chemicals company Clariant AG	Clariant AG 
Shareholders of Swiss telecommunications supplier Ascom Holding AG	Ascom Holding AG 
"Web advertising and paid subscriber growth has ""only just begun,"" Yahoo Inc."	Yahoo Inc." 
Ziff Asset Management L.P. reported holding a 7% stake in Yellow Corp.	Yellow Corp. 
Despite its recent investment write-downs, Norway's Telenor ASA	Norway's Telenor ASA 
Iran's Foreign Ministry Sunday dismissed allegations that Statoil ASA	Statoil ASA 
European antitrust officials are investigating Finland's Outokumpu Oyj	Finland's Outokumpu Oyj 
In the nearly three months since federal authorities suspended WorldCom Inc.	WorldCom Inc. 
GMAC-RFC Netherlands, a unit of General Motors Acceptance Corp.	General Motors Acceptance Corp. 
Cobra Electronics Corp. dismissed Deloitte & Touche LLP	Deloitte & Touche LLP 
The European Union Commission Tuesday approved Bain Capital Inc.'s	Bain Capital Inc.'s 
Lewmar Ltd.'s insurers agreed to pay World Wrestling Entertainment	World Wrestling Entertainment 
This table provides selected financial results of Watsco Inc.	Watsco Inc. 
Paul Richardson, chief financial officer of advertising company WPP Group PLC	WPP Group PLC 
The Department of Justice is requiring Waste Management Inc.	Waste Management Inc. 
The Asbestos Settlement Trust lowered its holdings in Walter Industries Inc.	Walter Industries Inc. 
Tofy Mussivand will step down as chairman of World Heart Corp.	World Heart Corp. 
American Express Financial Corp. reduced its stake in Whole Foods Market Inc.	Whole Foods Market Inc. 
Wachovia Insurance Services, an insurance broker subunit of Wachovia Corp.	Wachovia Corp. 
Bryan King, who resigned from the board of Viragen Inc.	Viragen Inc. 
Lower unit sales and lower selling prices per unit sent Audiovox Corp.'s	Audiovox Corp.'s 
The Dutch unit of U.K. telephone company Vodafone Group PLC	Vodafone Group PLC 
The California Energy Commission on Wednesday said Valero Energy Corp.	Valero Energy Corp. 
Leviticus Partners L.P. reported a 5.2% stake in Vicon Industries Inc.	Vicon Industries Inc. 
Intent on surviving the first cut in the bidding for Vivendi Universal's	Vivendi Universal's 
In connection with its previously announced reorganization, USA Interactive	USA Interactive 
Amerco, the parent company of truck renter U-Haul International Inc.	U-Haul International Inc. 
A bankruptcy court judge ruled against US Airways Group Inc.'s	US Airways Group Inc.'s 
Thomson Financial plans to challenge Reuters Group PLC	Reuters Group PLC 
Ken Morrison, chairman of William Morrison Supermarkets PLC	William Morrison Supermarkets PLC 
Music entrepreneur Charles Koppelman, former chairman of EMI Records Group	EMI Records Group 
The U.K. Competition Commission's Tuesday meeting with Centrica PLC	Centrica PLC 
Magnox Electric PLC, a unit of British Nuclear Fuels PLC	British Nuclear Fuels PLC 
Barclays Capital, the bond-focused investment bank business of Barclays PLC	Barclays PLC 
Sir John Rose may be the favorite to replace BAE Systems PLC's	BAE Systems PLC's 
Morley Fund Management, the asset management arm of U.K. insurer Aviva PLC	Aviva PLC 
