The chairman of Pacific Concord Holdings Ltd.
The majority shareholders of Pacific Concord Holding Ltd.
Pala Sookawesh, a former governor of the Petroleum Authority of Thailand
The incoming president of PTT PCL
The government will likely ask state-owned oil and gas conglomerate PTT PCL
Thai Olefins PCL, a unit of state-owned oil and gas conglomerate PTT PCL
Swiss Life Asset Management, a unit of insurer Swiss Life Holding
Three executive board members at plastics company Quadrant AG
-Swiss food-and-beverages company Nestle SA
Nestle Finance France SA, a funding unit of Nestle SA
Peter Brabeck, chief executive of Swiss food and beverages company Nestle SA
The Federal Trade Commission's decision to block a merger between Nestle S.A.
The Swiss Stock Exchange SWX said Monday that it has suspended Hilti AG
Engineering and real-estate company Conzzeta Holding AG
The chief financial officer of Swiss chemicals company Clariant AG
Shareholders of Swiss telecommunications supplier Ascom Holding AG
"Web advertising and paid subscriber growth has ""only just begun,"" Yahoo Inc."
Ziff Asset Management L.P. reported holding a 7% stake in Yellow Corp.
Despite its recent investment write-downs, Norway's Telenor ASA
Iran's Foreign Ministry Sunday dismissed allegations that Statoil ASA
European antitrust officials are investigating Finland's Outokumpu Oyj
In the nearly three months since federal authorities suspended WorldCom Inc.
GMAC-RFC Netherlands, a unit of General Motors Acceptance Corp.
Cobra Electronics Corp. dismissed Deloitte & Touche LLP
The European Union Commission Tuesday approved Bain Capital Inc.'s
Lewmar Ltd.'s insurers agreed to pay World Wrestling Entertainment
This table provides selected financial results of Watsco Inc.
Paul Richardson, chief financial officer of advertising company WPP Group PLC
The Department of Justice is requiring Waste Management Inc.
The Asbestos Settlement Trust lowered its holdings in Walter Industries Inc.
Tofy Mussivand will step down as chairman of World Heart Corp.
American Express Financial Corp. reduced its stake in Whole Foods Market Inc.
Wachovia Insurance Services, an insurance broker subunit of Wachovia Corp.
Bryan King, who resigned from the board of Viragen Inc.
Lower unit sales and lower selling prices per unit sent Audiovox Corp.'s
The Dutch unit of U.K. telephone company Vodafone Group PLC
The California Energy Commission on Wednesday said Valero Energy Corp.
Leviticus Partners L.P. reported a 5.2% stake in Vicon Industries Inc.
Intent on surviving the first cut in the bidding for Vivendi Universal's
In connection with its previously announced reorganization, USA Interactive
Amerco, the parent company of truck renter U-Haul International Inc.
A bankruptcy court judge ruled against US Airways Group Inc.'s
Thomson Financial plans to challenge Reuters Group PLC
Ken Morrison, chairman of William Morrison Supermarkets PLC
Music entrepreneur Charles Koppelman, former chairman of EMI Records Group
The U.K. Competition Commission's Tuesday meeting with Centrica PLC
Magnox Electric PLC, a unit of British Nuclear Fuels PLC
Barclays Capital, the bond-focused investment bank business of Barclays PLC
Sir John Rose may be the favorite to replace BAE Systems PLC's
Morley Fund Management, the asset management arm of U.K. insurer Aviva PLC